Update analysis guides (#256)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/tidal tools/analyze_logs.md

---
title: Analyze your HTTP Web Logs
keywords: source, assessment, readiness, analyze
last_updated: May, 2023
summary: "Analyze HTTP web logs to see insights on an applications usage patterns over time."
sidebar: main_sidebar
permalink: analyze-logs.html
folder: tidaltools
---

> Not sure what is the best time to perform cloud migration? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not sure when the best time to perform a migration cut over is? 
```
suggestion to consider for simpler reading and better precision
